Hannah Weber
Problem Set #4
Due: September 24 @ 11:59pm

Monday - 
#1: (worked with Jacob, Marissa, Taylor, Jack, Amy, and whole class)
What may be problematic?
- How do you create a common language and dialogue between the data analysis from the interpretation of the data by the stakeholders?
- If you pass off the data from one person to another there may be some misinterpretation of the data analysis results. But if the same person both handles and analyzes the data they will be more knowledgeable as to what the data results say
- As seen with KDD - blind data mining may lead to findings that have no meaning and worthless data analysis

Wednesday - 
#2: (worked with Marissa, Taylor, Jack, Amy, Jacob and whole class)
Data Science used to be a specialty where all you would do was crunch the numbers and then pass the data over to someone who would do the analysis and interpretation. Data Science evolved into a science where the same person was responsible for performing the statistics, data analysis, and interpretation. Data Science also attracted a lot of people who were interested in applying data in many different kinds of ways so it was necessary for Data Science to expand its definition to accommodate for the various types of data and analysis. As the invention of the internet occurred, there was a surge in data that was being collected digitally that changed the way Data Science was previously interacted with. Data was also being collected from digital sources and distributed and so laws and ethics had to start being considered. 

#3a: (worked with Marissa, Taylor, Jack, Amy, Jacob and whole class)
1. Social Media has given access to a big source of data collection. There is so much that people can analyze and extract from social media platforms and people are taking advantage of this easily accessible yet very informative platform. 
2. The invention of data lakes made storing tons of data more accessible and easier to do. Before, companies may have been more hesitant to collect big data because they didn't know where to store the data and how to work with that large of a dataset. 
3. The realization that collecting and analyzing data will greatly benefit a business. They began collecting different types of data from various business operations, analyzed the results, and then applied their findings to better their business operations.

#3b: 
This surge in data is coming from everyone, but mainly from digital sources. The internet allows the collection of data to occur with very little effort and then it will store the data in mass quantities. It is a great invention that greatly benefitted the data science world. 

Friday - 
#1: 